README.md, before:

[![General Assembly Logo](https://camo.githubusercontent.com/1a91b05b8f4d44b5bbfb83abac2b0996d8e26c92/687474703a2f2f692e696d6775722e636f6d2f6b6538555354712e706e67)](https://generalassemb.ly/education/web-development-immersive)

# Functions Practice

The purpose of this exercise is to practice working with functions. Think of it
as doing reps or practicing scales! The more you practice, the better you'll
get.

## Prerequisites

- Fundamental JavaScript: syntax, data types, and arrays
- Conditions, including `if`, `if`/`else`, and `if`/`else if`/`else`
- Loops, both `for` loops and `while` loops
- Functions, both arrow functions and function declarations

## Instructions

1. Fork and clone this repository.
1. Change into the new directory and create a development branch.
1. Fulfill the listed requirements.

Starter code is available in [`lib/challenge.js`](lib/challenge.js). You are
required to turn in your submission by making a pull request on the original
repository.

**Make a commit after each prompt.**

Unless otherwise specified on the calendar or by an instructor, homework is due
the next morning by 10:00am ET.

### Preview Tomorrow's Content

When you are finished with this assignment, take a look at the following resources so that you're ready for tomorrow's lecture on JS Higher Order Functions & Array Methods.

- freeCodeCamp on [Higher Order Functions (HOFs)](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/a-quick-intro-to-higher-order-functions-in-javascript-1a014f89c6b/)

## Requirements

There are a series of prompts inside [`lib/challenge.js`](lib/challenge.js).
Work through all of the prompts. Each prompt is in the form of a JavaScript
comment. Write your code to solve the prompt after the comment.

Some prompts will require you to practice researching methods we did not learn
in class. This is part of the gradual release of responsibility as you grow into self-reliant devs and Googling experts! 🧠

**Remember to make a commit after each prompt and push your code up regularly.**

## Plagiarism

Take a moment to review the [Plagiarism policy](https://git.generalassemb.ly/DC-WDI/Administrative/blob/master/plagiarism.md). Plagiarized work will not be accepted.

## [License](LICENSE)

1.  All content is licensed under a CC­BY­NC­SA 4.0 license.
1.  All software code is licensed under GNU GPLv3. For commercial use or
    alternative licensing, please contact legal@ga.co.

Commit message:

Add mocha/chai testing dependencies and testing instructions

README.md, after:

[![General Assembly Logo](https://camo.githubusercontent.com/1a91b05b8f4d44b5bbfb83abac2b0996d8e26c92/687474703a2f2f692e696d6775722e636f6d2f6b6538555354712e706e67)](https://generalassemb.ly/education/web-development-immersive)

# Functions Practice

The purpose of this exercise is to practice working with functions. Think of it
as doing reps or practicing scales! The more you practice, the better you'll
get.

## Prerequisites

- Fundamental JavaScript: syntax, data types, and arrays
- Conditions, including `if`, `if`/`else`, and `if`/`else if`/`else`
- Loops, both `for` loops and `while` loops
- Functions, both arrow functions and function declarations

## Instructions

1. Fork and clone this repository.
1. Change into the new directory and create a development branch.
1. Fulfill the listed requirements.

Starter code is available in [`lib/challenge.js`](lib/challenge.js). You are
required to turn in your submission by making a pull request on the original
repository.

**Make a commit after each prompt.**

Unless otherwise specified on the calendar or by an instructor, homework is due
the next morning by 10:00am ET.

### Preview Tomorrow's Content

When you are finished with this assignment, take a look at the following resources so that you're ready for tomorrow's lecture on JS Higher Order Functions & Array Methods.

- freeCodeCamp on [Higher Order Functions (HOFs)](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/a-quick-intro-to-higher-order-functions-in-javascript-1a014f89c6b/)

## Requirements

There are a series of prompts inside [`lib/challenge.js`](lib/challenge.js).
Work through all of the prompts. Each prompt is in the form of a JavaScript
comment. Write your code to solve the prompt after the comment.

Some prompts will require you to practice researching methods we did not learn
in class. This is part of the gradual release of responsibility as you grow into self-reliant devs and Googling experts! 🧠

**Remember to make a commit after each prompt and push your code up regularly.**

### Optional:

**If you're curious about whether your code passes the tests written for this assignment, you can do the following:**

1. From inside this directory, run `npm install` in your terminal. This will download the testing dependencies (mocha and chai).
1. Comment IN the module.exports at the bottom of the `challenge.js` file.
1. Run `npm test` in this directory. Read the output to checkout which tests your code is passing and failing.
1. If there are any errors, try fixing them and running the code again.

## Plagiarism

Take a moment to review the [Plagiarism policy](https://git.generalassemb.ly/DC-WDI/Administrative/blob/master/plagiarism.md). Plagiarized work will not be accepted.

## [License](LICENSE)

1.  All content is licensed under a CC­BY­NC­SA 4.0 license.
1.  All software code is licensed under GNU GPLv3. For commercial use or
    alternative licensing, please contact legal@ga.co.
